Legal Notice




myles.systems - Gbr 
Fachhochschule Potsdam 
Friedrich-Ebert-Str. 4 
14467 Potsdam 
 


Contact:


Paul Vollmer - pv@myles.systems
Fabian Althaus - fa@myle.systems
David Göpfert - dg@myles.systems
 


Content:


Copyright 2017 - myles.systems. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, audio files, video files, and animation files and their arrangements are subject to copyright and other laws protecting intellectual property. They may not be copied for commercial purposes or for circulation, nor may they be used in an altered form or on other websites. Some internet pages also contain images that are subject to the copyright of those who own the images. All text, graphics, and images on myles.systems are copyrighted by myles.systems and may be additionally copyrighted by third parties. The brand names, product names, and logos shown on the website are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners and subject to copyright. 


Copyright:


This information is provided by myles.systems without any assurance or guarantee of any kind, either express or implied. Even if we assume that the information we provide is accurate, there may still be errors or inaccuracies. By posting links to other internet sites, German law takes the view that the operator of a website adopts the views of those websites as their own and is therefore, under certain circumstances, liable for damages (Hamburg Regional Court, judgment from 12 May 1998, 312 O 85/98). This can only be prevented by explicitly distancing oneself from the content of those pages. 


Guarantee:


myles.systems stresses explicitly that it has no influence on the design and the content of the sites linked to on its homepage. Before adding a link, myles.systems ensures, through an inspection of the site, that no legal infringements or violations of the law are apparent in the contents of these pages. However, links are always dynamic references. The possibility of subsequent changes to the linked websites by their operators includes the possibility that illegal or infringing content can be subsequently included on these pages without the knowledge of David Göpfert. 


WHAT IS MYLES.SYSTEMS?
-
A software solution for planning, controlling, and analyzing digital exhibitions


Modular software toolkit for digital exhibitions and interactive museums


With our myles.systems toolkit, room and exhibition designers and curators receive a modular IoT software toolkit for the planning, control, and analysis of digital exhibitions and museums. Our software provides you with a modular platform that allows you to plan, operate, control, and analyze digital exhibits, such as display stations and listening stations, using an interactive map. With the help of our API, we develop tailor-made solutions for your project.



MYLES.SYSTEMS - INTERACTIVE MAP


Planning and visualizing digital exhibitions 


You can use the interactive map of your project at myles.systems to plan and operate your digital exhibitions. You can place exhibition elements, such as Null Object patterns for floorplans, containers for exhibits, listening stations, and display presentations, on your interactive map. Thanks to the interactive map, you will never lose track of your project and its components when using myles.systems. With the interactive map, you can share your ideas and designs true-to-scale with other stakeholders and departments.


Null Object patterns - Layout Null Object patterns 
Exhibits - Objects Exhibit
Digital listening station - listening station
Digital presentation display



MYLES.SYSTEMS - CONTROLLING EXHIBITIONS


Managing and controlling digital exhibitions remotely


Controlling digital devices in your exhibition, e.g. interactive display and listening stations, requires our client software. Once the client software has successfully been installed on your mobile device, the digital device will appear in your browser on your interactive map. You can place your installed devices comfortably on the floor plan, control them, and send them data. Use functions such as switching device(s) on and off, time-controlled commands, automatic powering-on and off, and placing and replacing digital content. With myles.systems, you can control all elements of your digital exhibition via tablet, smartphone, and computer on an interactive map in the network - either on location or even from the road with remote maintenance via an SSL-encrypted connection.


Digital control for museums and exhibitions: control
Turn on digital exhibits: Turn on
Turn off digital exhibits: Turn off
Restart Digital Exhibits: Restart


MYLES.SYSTEMS - EXHIBITION STATISTICS


Analyze and evaluate digital exhibitions


With the myles analysis module, digital exhibitions receive a real-time solution for analyzing spaces and interactions. myles.systems helps you to better understand your digital exhibition and learn from the collected data. You can test concepts and measure successes. Our analytic module serves as the basis for adapting your digital exhibits, exhibitions, and spaces to your needs and the visitors’ needs.


Digital Exhibitions and Museums: Analysis
Digital Exhibitions and Museums: Measuring
Learning from digital exhibitions and museums: learning


MYLES.SYSTEMS - MODULAR TOOLKIT:


Planning and visualization


Plan and visualize your digital spaces with all devices and content, whether digital or analog. Work together on a project and communicate your vision true-to-scale using an interactive map with, for example, other departments. Control and management


Controlling and monitoring[a]


Gain full control over multimedia stations in your digital exhibition. Turn stations on or off from afar or on location - conveniently from a tablet / PC. You can save power, materials, and working hours with automated commands. Administration and overview


Management and overview


Do not lose track of your project and its components. Manage devices locally - from the exhibit up to the cable. Update digital content conveniently with myles.systems - remotely or directly on site. Analysis and evaluation


Statistics and evaluation


Collect data on your digital exhibition in real-time. As a result of your analysis, improve the environment and test the visitors’ experience live. Evaluate your digital exhibition automatically and measure the changes and its success.


MYLES.SYSTEMS – WE’RE LOOKING FOR:


We are looking for museums and exhibitions as a beta testers!
We are an agile software development team from Berlin. We are creating an IoT software platform for people who are planning and holistically implementing digital spaces, interactive exhibitions, and museums[b]. If you are interested in myles.systems and the possibilities of our IoT software solution and would like to test out a project with myles.systems as a beta user, we are looking forward to getting to know you! We would be pleased to demonstrate the performance of the modular myles.systems toolkit for you in person, on-site. Register for a beta-account and get to know us - email link. Test myles.systems - software solution for physical space. Legal information




[a]Hier würde ich vielleicht monitoring, administration oder management wieder verwenden.
[b]Hier hab ich das wörtlich übersetzt, aber ich glaube, dass es sinnvoller wäre zu schreiben: “digital spaces and interactive exhibitions and museums”